6/25/2001

So..... 

This thing Coca-Cola is doing in Africa is really interesting.  They're using their logistics infrastructure to deliver supplies in the fight against AIDS.  They're shipping medical supplies, education literature, and whatever else needs to be moved right in their trucks, ships, trains etc. next to their bottles of sugar syrup.

It's nice to see "the man" or a lage multi-national doing more than subsidizing a bill that'll aid their pursuit of a global market.  Doing something for the greater good.  Doing the right thing.  I can dig it.

One of the nice things about being self-employed is that your (or mine at least) conscience is clear of the guilt from business practices that cost more than their impact on the bottom line, that is to say, their cost on others and our world out weighs the profit they offer.  Phillip Morris Co. or McDonalds are examples of this, the cost repairing the impact of tobacco or fast food far outstrips their profit margins.  

The corollary to that is, as an independent consultant or running your own company, you have to choose clients who also aren't involved in malicious business practices.  I won't take say, Phillip Morris Co. as a client (yes, the possibility did come up) because that's blood money.

Heh heh the irony ... Instead I deal with wack job club owners living in Trump tower who don't want to pay their flyer delivery guy $800 so he can make rent and buy lunch.  Old fashioned crooks.   <shakes his head>

All that being said... I think the biggest growth areas for the economy in the next several years... Or the shift it will make is all the people with jobs based in manipulating information who are floating or out of work will take jobs with non-profits or benefits organizations.  Maybe they'll be making less money, and not saturating a market with the Next Big Thing, but they'll be using their skills to make the world a better place, for real, as contrite as that may sound.  It could happen.  I'm going to do my part... I think... Soon.
